Mr. Policy introduces ICICI
LBRD's IL Tech Care App, an all-in-one solution for
health insurance wellness and claims.
Download the IL Tech Care app from Google Play Store or Apple App Store to get started.  After the app is installed,
login with your registered mobile number
and enter the OTP.  OTP will
come on your registered number.  As soon as you log in,
you will see the health card on the home screen.
After that comes the Quick Actions
section.  From here you can register the claim.
Free tele consultation and near by
services like labs clinics can also check ili.
In the Benefits section, you get
face scan, step count and other
wellness options and finally, in the Policy Services
section, you can check policy and member details
and also edit policy details.
Follow Mr. Policy
for more informative videos.